{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12680\viewh8680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A few explanations for the reviewer:\
\
This app is supposed to be \'93production-ready\'94.  However, b/c NurseHelper depends on how the end-user (e.g. nursing-home or other long-term care facility) handles its data, this app is just a \'93demo\'94.  If some nursing home believed that it could help them, then they would have to work with a developer to come up with the final data design.  Also, the customer could also have input into how the app should best function for their needs.  \
\
This app has the \'93Unlicence\'94 license, so anyone could use it for sales and modify as needed.  I know that this app, when finalized with the input of a care facility, could help nurses be more productive, and also help nursing homes retain their nurses.\
\
As a \'93server\'94, this app uses Firebase database.  For now, I\'92m keeping data on both the Firebase side and the device.  There are three reasons for this: 1. save on Firebase charges for downloading data, so that only changes to Firebase data (should) cause it to be downloaded to the nurse\'92s device.  2. In case the internet is down, nurses can still access patient data.  3. For data safety, incase of data corruption; although Firebase data can be backed-up.\
\
One issue I had with Firebase, was it telling the app (on start-up) of  \'93changes\'94, when none had been made.  This resulted in a lot of unnecessary downloads, which increased the usage download quantity, which will result in higher charges (still free, for testing).  Otherwise it\'92s great!\
\
I used two libraries, Picasso, and PdfViewer.\
\
The Google play services I used are identification, and location.  Identification is used for logging in, and getting the nurse\'92s name.  The nurse\'92s name is necessary for all the resident transactions.  Location is used to verify that this app is only executed at specified allowed locations (the registered nursing homes/facilitied).  For now, I\'92m just returning \'91true\'92 for all locations, for demo mode.\
\
For the \'93Careplan\'94 activity, I\'92m using fake pfd files under assets/.  The PdfViewer library reads local pdfs, from the SD card.  Later, it may make more sense to just have the app call Acroread with care plans which are somewhere on-line.  Or they could just be downloaded to each nurse\'92s devices.  Also the facilities may not use pdfs, so this is just one thing to use as a demo.  The resident images are under assets/ as well, for the demo.  The actual images could just be taken from the nurse\'92s device, or somewhere else of course.}